Just ignore them.
He is just jealous of you
Well, I know. Thank you, Jia'er.
Jia'er, I seem to
Fell in love with someone
Does that person love you?
OK
I'm really not sure.
But he would buy me a lot of things.
It will also protect me from being bullied
If he really loves you, he will promise you
Show off your power in front of me every day
I don't like him for a long time
It's just that Tiantian is incredible.
Like we didn't even say hello.
I don't know, I thought it was some kind of daughter
Just a country bumpkin
Is it funny to speak ill of others behind their backs?
how
What are you looking at?
It's not like I didn't say it before
What virgin
I didn't do anything wrong, why do you say me?
How dare you talk back
Why did you hit me?
It's not like I haven't hit you before
Hitting you is for your face
Dare to force me again
Which bastard?
Sorry Mr. Jiang
I didn't know it was you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Dare to show off your might here
Let me see it again and get the hell out of here
Yes
little
Do you want to take you to the hospital?
Let you do your thing.
I'll go first